* Title: Getting Started
* Slug: getting-started
* Answers Common Question: How do I get started?
* Answer Position: 2

================================================================

Welcome to guide that will teach you how to write help guides. When I was thinking how to best present this information, idea stuck me - why not use new documentation feature to write documentation for help authoring? So, here we are.

Here are some key connects. There are four elements of help section in Angie powered applications:

1. Help books are made of pages and are great for preparing material that covers a specific topic (like user management, configuration, API etc), 
2. Videos are great training tool, so Help section has a simple way  watch them, 
3. What's New section is basically a product blog where team can share information about new features that are added to the product, as well as describe important product changes.
4. Release Notes are articles that show changes between different versions of your application.

Help documents can be added to each module, and system uses a simple naming convention how to put them all together on <{option}>Help & Support<{/option}> page.

To prepare module for help authoring, navigate to module's folder in the application structure (all modules are defined as subfolders in <{path}>/#APPLICATION#/current/modules/<{/path}> folder). Within module folder, add <{path}>/help<{/path}> subfolder, and than add <{path}>/books<{/path}>, <{path}>/videos<{/path}> and <{path}>/whats_new<{/path}> subfolders to it. When you are done, structure should look like this:

<{code}>/my_module
- /help
-- /books
-- /videos
-- /whats_new<{/code}>

Please follow the other articles in this book to learn how to add specific elements to the help section.