* Title: History and Principles
* Slug: principles
* Answer Position: 1

================================================================

Shade is build around single principle: **documentation should be where your code is**. When it is there instead of being in an  silo that is isolated from your code you can:

1. Version it just the way you version your code,
2. Use the same workflow (ex GitFlow) that you use for development to prepare the documentation for the big launch,
3. Draft the documentation or write notes for documentation team long before your app becomes stable.

Our team experienced a problem when a release was ready long before the documentation and had to be shipped with incomplete documentation. After letting our customers down like that, we sat and agreed that Documentation should be a column on our Kanban board, just like Development or Testing. That also mean that documentation should be written as code gets written, using the same tools that we use to program. That made Shade what it is today:

1. VCS and workflow friendly. We (heart) GitFlow,
2. Uses Markdown + a couple of special tags. This means that you can use your favorite plain text editor instead of cumbersome WYSIWYG widget in a small web page,
3. Builds static website instead of being a database powered web app. It's simple, yet powerful. And performance is awesome,
4. Integrates with the eco-system instead of reinventing all the elements.

# Why not a dynamic knowledge base? One with database backend, web interface etc?

This goes back to the roots, when this project was internal and used only by our team. In our team, writing documentation is integral part of development process, so integral that it has its own column on our Kanban board. Because of that, we like to have our document where our code is, and that means that we it needs to be in plain text + binary data form, and not in some external database that uses its own version system (if any), has its own editing tools etc.

Benefits of having the documentation in the same place where your code is:

1. It can evolve as code evolves. This makes documentation more likely to happen, because you can draft it as you are working on that awesame feature that has been consuming you for the past couple of weeks,
2. It is versioned. You use version control system for your code, right?
3. It follows your workflow and release cycle. Do you use GitFlow, or a similar workflow? Shade documentation plays well in that setting. Do you need to build an old release and have the documentation included? Easy, because Shade documentation is part of your code when you check-out the tag that you need to build.

# Why these elements (books, what's new articles, release notes and videos)?

These elements worked really well for us for the past 7+ years.