* Title: Initial Release
* Slug: initial-release

================================================================

Shade started as an internal tool. In version 4 point something we added in-app help section to [activeCollab](https://www.activecollab.com), project management tool that we maintain. Users saw a prominent link to help section where they could browse and search user manuals, learn about new features and watch our instructional videos:

<{image name='in-app-help.png'}>

What we needed on top of an in-app help section is a tool that will build a static HTML pages based on that help, so we could put them on our website. That is how <{code}>build_help<{/code}>  command line tool that came to be.

Fast-forward to today and we have an evolution of that tool. Instead of being part of activeCollab's command library, we extracted it to be a stand-alone utility that everyone can use. 

Shade features:

1. **Four building blocks of a good help** - what's new section so users can learn about recent developments, release notes for nitty-gritty details, user guides to dive in and instructional videos,
2. **100% VCS and development workflow friendly**, so you can manage help the same way you manage your projects. This one is <{page name="principles" book="shade"}>important<{/page}>,
3. Generic, Bootstrap powered **theme**,
4. **Integrations** with Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Disqus, LiveChat and Wistia.

These are just the features that we are starting with. Expect more theme configurability and more integrations in the future.

If all of this sounds interesting, check out <{page name="getting-started" book="shade"}>Getting Started guide<{/page}> to learn more and create your first Shade powered help portal.