* Title: Project Configuration
* Slug: project-config

================================================================

Projects are configured using <{path}>project.json<{/path}> file. <{code}>project<{/code}> command will create a default configuration file that will look something like this:

<{code highlight=json}>{
    "name": "ShadeTest",
    "default_build_theme": "bootstrap",
    "video_groups": {
        "getting-started": "Getting Started"
    }
}<{/code}>

You can alter the values as you see fit. Here are the available options:

<{sub}>default_locale<{/sub}>

Which locale does the system consider to be the default one. Every other local that you might have will be considered secondary.

<{sub}>default_build_target<{/sub}>

Path to the directory where you want system to build the static website by default. If value is not provided, system will use <{path}>/build<{/path}> sub-directory of your Shade project.

<{note}>When calling <{code}>build<{/code}> command, you can specify build target using <{code}>--target<{/code}> option. Is that option is not set, system will use the value from project's configuration file.<{/note}>

<{sub}>default_build_theme<{/sub}>

Name of the theme that will be used to build the static website.  Default build theme is always <{code}>bootstrap<{/code}>, unless specified differently in project configuration file.

When <{code}>build<{/code}> command is executed, you can specify <{code}>--theme<{/code}> option. If omitted, system will use value from configuration file.

<{sub}>copyright<{/sub}>

Name of the organisation who holds the copyright of the product and the documentation. This value is displayed in the footer of the page.

<{sub}>copyright_since<{/sub}>

Year since the copyright owner is providing the product or the service. This value is displayed in the footer of the page.

<{sub}>disqus_account_id<{/sub}>

ID of your [Disqus](https://disqus.com/) account. 

<{sub}>disqus_url_prefix<{/sub}>

URL prefix that will make links absolute, so Disqus knows which comments to put on the page. It is recommended that you put the URL of folder where your Shade project is publicly available on. For example, for this section of activeCollab website we put URL prefix to <{code}>https://www.activecollab.com/labs/shade<{/code}> because that is where we deploy this Shade build.

<{sub}>disqus_identifier_prefix<{/sub}>

Disqus ID element identifier, to make it different from the other Disqus elements that you may have on your website. Default value is <{code}>shade<{/code}>.

<{sub}>google_analytics_account_id<{/sub}>

ID of your Google Analytics account.

<{sub}>google_tag_manager_id<{/sub}>

Your Google Tag Manager ID.

<{sub}>social_links<{/sub}>

Array of links to social profiles. System supports Twitter, Facebook and Google+ social profiles at the moment:

<{code highlight=json}>{
  "social_links" : {
    "twitter" : "activecollab",
    "facebook" : "activecollab",
    "google" : "activecollab"
  }
}<{/code}>

Social links are displayed in the future, as service icons that link to social profiles of a product.