* Title: Adding a Video
* Slug: new-video

================================================================

To add a video, go to <{path}>/help/videos<{/path}> subfolder of the module that you documenting and add create a new <{code}>01. My Video.md<{/code}> file. 

File naming convention is same as pages, but lets repeat it:

* With <{code}>01.<{/code}> you said the ordering position of the video in the video group. To change video ordering in the group, simply rename them so these bits of file name are in order that you like. Video order number is ignored when video is presented to the user so users will never see them,
* <{code}>My Video<{/code}> is the name of your video. If <{code}>title<{/code}> and/or <{code}>slug<{/code}> attributes are not defined in the vide file, this value will be used as video title, and for video slug (system will automatically convert it to <{code}>my-video<{/code}> format).

<{note}>If there are no videos defined, system will not render Videos section!<{/note}>

While video files can have content block defined, it's of no use because it is never displayed. System will only use attributes, and here are the ones that are available:

<{sub}>Title<{/sub}>

Video title (optional). If it is omitted, system will use name of the video file (sans order number and file extension) as video title.

<{sub}>Slug<{/sub}>

Page slug (optional). If it is omitted, system will automatically convert title to slug format (<{term}>My Cool Video<{/term}> will become <{term}>my-cool-video<{/term}>).

<{sub}>Group<{/sub}>

Name of the group that this video should be listed under. Groups are defined by the application. If this attribute is omitted or if it points to a group that is not defined by the application, system will put it under the default group.

<{sub}>Url<{/sub}>

URL to video source (required). Currently system expects that you provide URL to 360p version of the video.

<{sub}>Play Time<{/sub}>

Informative play time in <{term}>MM:SS<{/term}> format. This bit of information system does not read from the video file itself (because it would need to open it), but we need it to present it to the user. If omitted, system will display <{code}>-:--<{/code}>.

<{sub}>Wistia Code<{/sub}>

If you are using [Wistia](http://wistia.com/) to host your videos, you can use this property to define Wistia video ID and Shade will prepare full embed code for you.