* Title: Getting Started
* Slug: getting-started
* Answers Common Question: How do I get started?
* Answer Position: 2

================================================================

Shade builds help portals from Markdown files. Write a couple of Markdown files, put them in folders and let the Shade build a website just like this one. If you are interested in learning why is Shade the way it is, check out <{page name="principles" book="shade"}>the Principles Page<{/page}> (it's an interesting read if you are working on a complex software project). Or dive right in…

<{sub}>Installing Shade<{/sub}>

Are you on a Unix type of an operating system? Mac or Linux? Than it's easy as opening a terminal and doing this:

<{code}>curl -O https://www.activecollab.com/labs/shade/downloads/shade-latest.phar
chmod +x shade-latest.phar
sudo mv shade-latest.phar /usr/local/bin/shade<{/code}>

Now run:

<{code inline=false}>shade --version<{/code}>

to confirm that you got it installed correctly. If all is good, you should get the information about current version of the utility:

<{code inline=false}>Shade version 1.0.0<{/code}>

<{sub}>Writing Content<{/sub}>

There are five building blocks for every Shade project:

1. **Project** itself. You use it to define the home page, how build will work, which integrations will be put into pages, whether the is multilingual content etc. To learn how to create a new project and which options are available, check out <{page name="new-project"}>this page<{/page}>,
2. **Books** are collections of **Pages** that cover a particular topic. They are great for writing user manuals. Read <{page name="new-book"}>Preparing a Help Book<{/page}> and than continue to <{page name="new-book-page"}>Adding a Page to a Book<{/page}> to learn how to work with books,
3. **What's New Articles** let you create a small blog with news about your product. They should be written so all of your users are interested in reading them. More info can be found <{page name="new-whats-new-article"}>here<{/page}>,
4. **Release Notes** are used to document all the small changes that you make to your product. These are for your fans, users obsessed with details and power-users. Detailed instructions are provided in <{page name="new-release"}>this article<{/page}>,
5. **Videos** let you instructional or promo videos to your documentation. Check out <{page name="new-video"}>this page<{/page}> for more info.

<{sub}>Building Website<{/sub}>

When you have all the content ready, you can use <{code}>shade build<{/code}> command to build a static website. <{page name="build-website"}>This article<{/page}> covers the details.