* Title: Publishing What's New Article
* Slug: new-whats-new-article

================================================================

Writing a What's New article is similar to writing a <{page name='new-page'}>book pages<{/page}>. Document structure is the same as other help documents, and list of arguments is the same as list of arguments for pages:

### Title

Article title (optional). If it is omitted, system will use name of the article file (sans order number and file extension) as article title.

### Slug

Article slug (optional). If it is omitted, system will automatically convert article title to slug format (<{term}>Cool New Feature<{/term}> will become <{term}>cool-new-feature<{/term}>).

### Show To

List of <{page name="user-groups"}>user groups<{/page}> that this article is visible to. When this attribute is present, article will be displayed only to users that belong to groups listed in it.

### Hide From

List of <{page name="user-groups"}>user groups<{/page}> that this article should be hidden from.

What is specific about what's new articles is that they are organised by version, where each version is a separate subfolder under <{path}>/whats_new<{/path}> folder. Here's an example:

<{code}>/my_module
- /help
-- /whats_new
--- /4.1.0
---- /images
---- /01. Improved Calendar.md
---- /02. Improved Visual Editor.md
---- /03. In-App Help Center.md
--- /4.0.0
---- /images
---- /01. Color Schemas and Appearance.md
---- /02. Improved Project Templates.md
---- /03. Send out Announcements.md<{/code}>

As you can see, each version has a list of articles and its own images folder. Note that you can use <{code}>image<{/code}> function to point only to images in the version that that particular article belongs to.